--- CT Sample 1 ---
Question: Based on the texts, how would Singh and Roy (Text 2) most likely respond to the research discussed in Text 1?
  A: Only countries of a certain population size should implement mandatory voting.

People who are forced to vote are likely to become politically engaged in other ways, such as volunteering or running
for office.
  B: Requiring people to vote does not necessarily lead to election outcomes that better represent the preferences of the
country as a whole.
  C: D. Countries that require voting must also make the process of voting easier for their citizens.
  D: Countries that require voting must also make the process of voting easier for their citizens.
Correct: C
Full Rationale:
Choice C is the best answer. Text 1 claims that mandatory voting results in elections that "better reflect the preferences

of the country." Singh and Roy disagree. They claim that more voters doesn’t equal more quality votes—instead, they

argue that forced voting may lead to less-informed votes that "may not reflect [voters’] actual preferences."

Choice A is incorrect. Neither text mentions the population size of countries that require voting, or how that might affect

election outcomes. Choice B is incorrect. Neither text discusses the effects of mandatory voting on other forms of

political engagement. Choice D is incorrect. Neither text discusses the ease or difficulty of the voting process in

countries that require voting.

--- CT Sample 2 ---
Question: Based on the texts, both authors would most likely agree with which statement?
  A: Dancers who worked with Ailey greatly appreciated his supportive approach as a choreographer.
  B: Ailey’s work was strongly influenced by jazz.
  C: Audiences were mostly unfamiliar with the jazz music in Ailey’s works.
  D: Ailey blended multiple genres of music together when choreographing dance pieces.
Correct: B
Full Rationale:
Choice B is the best answer. Author 1 states that Ailey had a “deep admiration for jazz music” and that he “helped bring
jazz to life for his audiences.” Author 2 states that “Jazz is present throughout Ailey’s work.” While the authors name
different aspects of Ailey’s work as the most influenced by jazz, they agree that jazz was a strong influence. 

Choice A is incorrect. This isn’t something that either text claims. Neither text mentions how Ailey’s dancers felt about his

approach as a choreographer, so we have no evidence that either author would agree with this. Choice C is incorrect. This

isn’t something that either text claims. Neither text mentions how familiar audiences were with any aspect of Ailey’s

works, so we have no evidence that either author would agree with this. Choice D is incorrect. This isn’t something that

either text claims. Neither text mentions any genre of music other than jazz, so we have no evidence that either author

would agree with this.

--- CT Sample 3 ---
Question: Based on the texts, what would Lisa Trever (Text 2) most likely say about the interpretation presented in the underlined
portion of Text 1?
  A: Depictions of human faces are significantly more realistic than depictions of plants and other animals are.

It is likely that some depictions of human faces with extensive markings are intended to portray the same historical
individual.
  B: C. Some vessels may have been damaged during their excavation and thus provide little insight into Moche culture.

Markings on depictions of human faces are not necessarily intended to portray particular details about the physical
appearance of individuals.
  C: Some vessels may have been damaged during their excavation and thus provide little insight into Moche culture.

Markings on depictions of human faces are not necessarily intended to portray particular details about the physical
appearance of individuals.
  D: 
Correct: D
Full Rationale:
Choice D is the best answer. Trever thinks that the “hyper-realistic portrayal of identifiable people” interpretation ignores

the sculptors’ imagination and creativity. We can infer that Trevor thinks the facial markings on the sculptures may not

have represented real skin blemishes on real people.

Choice A is incorrect. The text gives us no reason to think that Trever would respond to the underlined interpretation in

this way. Neither text compares the depictions of human faces to the depictions of plants or animals, so we have no

basis to draw this conclusion. Choice B is incorrect. The text gives us no reason to think that Trever would respond to the

underlined interpretation in this way. There’s nothing in either text about multiple depictions representing the same

person, so we have no basis to draw this conclusion. Choice C is incorrect. The text gives us no reason to think that

Trever would respond to the underlined interpretation in this way. Neither text mentions the state of the vessels

(damaged or intact), so we have no basis to draw this conclusion.

