Rhetorical Synthesis total: 178
Has Notes/While researching: 170 (95.5%)

--- RS Sample 1 (has_notes=True) ---
PASSAGE: While researching a topic, a student has taken the following notes:

The Philadelphia and Lancaster Turnpike was a road built between 1792 and 1794.

It was the first private turnpike in the United States.

It connected the cities of Philadelphia and Lancaster in the state of Pennsylvania. It was sixty-two miles long.

The student wants to emphasize the distance covered by the Philadelphia and Lancaster Turnpike.
QUESTION: Which choice most
effectively uses relevant information from the notes to accomplish this goal?

--- RS Sample 2 (has_notes=True) ---
PASSAGE: While researching a topic, a student has taken the following notes:

In World War I, US soldiers who were members of the Choctaw Nation in Oklahoma participated in the Choctaw

Code Talkers program.

The Choctaw Code Talkers were trained to relay coded military information in their native language.

In World War II, the US Army recruited Navajo (Diné) soldiers to transmit coded messages in their native

language.

These soldiers were known as the Navajo Code Talkers.

The student wants to emphas
QUESTION: US soldiers who were members of the Choctaw Nation in Oklahoma used their native language to relay coded
information.

--- RS Sample 3 (has_notes=True) ---
PASSAGE: While researching a topic, a student has taken the following notes:

Oracles of the Pink Universe was a 2021 exhibition at the Denver Museum of Art in Colorado.

It featured eight artworks by South African artist Simphiwe Ndzube.
One of these works is a painting titled Assertion of Will. Assertion of Will depicts three standing figures.

The figures wear clothing made of fabric pieces stitched to the painting’s canvas.

The student wants to describe how fabric is used in Assertion of Will.
QUESTION: Which choice most effectively uses relevant
information from the notes to accomplish this goal?

